Hey I’ve had my eyes on you
We just met but it’s been fun, I wanna know more
Hey don’t just laugh
I can take you to a place you’ve never been before
Come with me, put it on put it on me
You got this, put it on put it on me
I know you’ll take my hand
‘Cause I know that you’ve been dreaming
Like a deja vu of heaven
Meet up, let’s start your interview
I can give you everything you want
Down to your darkest sides
Come come into my world
Won’t let you down
Come to me
In my in my in my new world
Knock knock knockin’ on heaven’s door
Run your fingertips over the whipped cream cloud
Step out my All Stars and fly, sunset
Too fast? I’ma take it slow
Dance like this where there’s no sadness
Clap your hands to the beat
Give me your forever, more taste of this bliss
Forever and ever more more more more
Come with me, put it on put it on me
You got this, put it on put it on me
I know you’ll take my hand
‘Cause I know that you’ve been dreaming
Like a deja vu of heaven
Meet up, let’s start your interview
I can give you everything you want
Down to your darkest sides
Come come into my world
Won’t let you down
Come to me
In my in my in my new world
We got the heart we got the soul
Open our hearts just like this
To you, and you to me
Open up a new future, I won’t let go of your hand
Trust in me baby I can see
Like a deja vu of heaven
Meet up, let’s start your interview
I can give you everything you want
Down to your darkest sides
Come come into my world
Won’t let you down
Come to me
In my in my in my new world